Hello! So this folder is my project folder containing a project aimed for creating a website for an ISP company called Swiftel Fibre. The company is a small but growing ISP company based in Nairobi, Kenya - specifically in the subcounty called Kasarani in Nairobi. So, I have tried creating the website with Astro and Svelte components, but as you will see in a moment, the code is messy. There is a general idea, but a lot of things that are unfinished, others not related to the project maybe due to the many refactoring that I have done, and may have forgotten to delete them. I am now handing the responsiblity to you, as you are very good in coding, you are more than a UI/UX expert, and thus perfect to help me make this project come to life, and can actually be considered by the company as worth using for their marketting. Here are some rules we would follow when improving this project to the best of our abilities, with you on the coding end and me in the reviewing end. If you are going to be using comments in the project, let them be minimal, useful comments. We do not need full explanations everywhere. Also, we would be breaking down our task instead of doing a whole refactor completely, so that we truly understand and have an idea of what we are going to implement. For example, to break down this task, you are going to read through every single file in the project folder (I think excluded the node_modules - but I'm not sure) just to get to understand what I was trying to go for, then you identify errors and problems in the code, and then we discuss various ways in which we can improve this project to the best of our abilities, while considering end users at the same time, and finally, after we agree on all that, we proceed to implement the changes altogether and do reviews. I have hosted this project in Github Pages, as you will notice with the .github folder, so after we implement any change, I will be manually (NOT YOU) pushing the changes myself to GitHub and reviewing them in the web. If the project would escalate so much so that it turns into a full-stack project, you will notify me so that we will be reviewing via localhost first (to which I would be running the servers myself, again, NOT YOU), then after refinement to satisfaction, we will prepare the project for hosting on another platform, like CloudFlare. How does all this sound? I hope it is not a lot to do, but if it is, kindly point it out.
